Question 1:
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Answer 1:
Using a remote repository is useful for collaborating with other contributors. Additionally, if working on multiple computers, such as a desktop and a laptop. The remote repository is also useful to act as a backup in the case of a dead hard drive.

Question 2:
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Answer 2:
Pulling changes manually is a conscious effort on the part of the user. Thus the user is fully aware that there will be new changes instead of getting surprised with something automatically updating and potentially breaking their code.

Question 3:
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Answer 3:
Forks is a clone to an already existing repository where you want to keep all references to the original repository. This is useful if you don't have permission to modify the original repository or you want to create a new feature using the original code and want to give credit to the creators.

Clone is a direct copy of an existing repository. This is used when you want to directly work on or use someone's repository. 

Branch is a split in the repository from the master. It is useful for testing out experimental functions and not breaking the master which is production work.

Question 4:
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Answer 4:
Being able to find if there will be a conflict merge before pushing it to GitHub. The conflict can be resolved locally prior to pushing it to GitHub.

Question 5:
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Answer 5:
I would collaborate via a mix of a common server space and email. This method is easier as it has a low cost of entry (people don't need to know how to use Git or GitHub). What makes it harder is when there are multiple copies and multiple changes making merging difficult. People would not be able to work on the same file. If someone accidentally deletes a file, then hopefully there was a backup of that file somewhere, otherwise it may be lost.